oh that do the ton talk of the Nerds is
a lock of the Nerds that's our show I'm
Eddie passkey I'm you're watching talk
of the nurse and glad to be here thank
you so much appreciate your loyalty I
love y'all thank you so much
above I suggest mockingbird
vm Sofia to show our kind of common
chatter resolve I need to shower they
act soon as I never like to admit a
daily from our vm the other combined
emitting enemy in formats you own in
half for the fedcon Naruto missing
eloped vielen dank da food made from a
teen cam problem it was a geotag nick me
off to let him cause too much
information were in my lung okay David
Ogilvy my head for Matty on the game but
he has a guide statement efficient way
um Felicia Day is Michaela sow just
manage its fine as nature's own and one
thing I recognize I'm a biologist by
trait is the fantastic artwork about the
new species you created did you go
through a net to me box for months
because it's so detailed it's so great I
was really astonished because you took
from every part of animal kingdom parts
together and they seem to have function
did you think of the function although
definitely definitely I mean for me I
work at way to work shop in New Zealand
and we are you know visual effects
company and a design company whether I
like to think of us at the surfaces the
design companies one of our primary
functions so we invent worlds we realize
fictional worlds and a big part of that
is creature design and so I learned this
very early when I started a Twitter that
other artists that were there like in
watton and one nahi these guys like
being a friend of mine who was a
designer Twitter had a background in
zoology and and I always want creatures
to look real and I the movies I like
most as a youngster had very kind of
grounded creature design but also
flamboyant you know and that's that
trying to find that mix between
something flamboyant and unique and
interesting as well as making it feel
real and grounded that's that's the
whole challenge of design and that's
something we strive for it wetter and so
everyone who does any kind of design
work a Twitter needs to do a lot of
research study anatomy you know learn as
much about the natural world as possible
for me I'm a big science buff so I'm
very interested in natural silly
you know genetics and you know I try and
learn about that sort of stuff as much
as possible but so like I say when I
when I take all these elements and
trying to make them feel grounded and
real at the same time you're trying to
surprise the the viewer so there's that
weird mix of like what you know what is
it but it still feels like it's right
and then with some of the exhibition
pieces you have here that I've worked
with some great sculptural artists a
twitter-like Jamie best work Linda who
have done amazing sculptures and helped
me to realize some of the things in that
some of the bugs you'll see in the
exhibition his work that already know
basically and I sort of said you know
here's the grill boards world I'd
established a style and and you know
kind of go crazy do something within
that and so luckily for me I've got to
work with these brilliant artists who've
amplified this kind of vision the doctor
reports well even belong a daughter some
costume the house first and hanged up an
appt the openness is a significant
Egyptian L who Bible I by chapels
anhydrous the ordinate oh nice I the
server yeah does if master them to help
that would that a little bit tomorrow
that's how fantastic recommends of
zoophilia TV teeth mmm little creek
without a no no this is I'm path oh yeah
there's fast here like to love mondo we
loved the agreement i bunk be added hey
nerd Xenophon tak dry faster than a is a
tender me I get know who the punk up as
I guess equals a fed corn party in ganga
by amateur granny knows like a yet s
national side effects Matthias Anita
they are lighted glad as their stock my
design by an MIT or tuft us is that
legolas good theater than it is videos
it it's a special I shouldn't doing so
if you got if you made me feel good to
hear it was over a video hot natural her
all night to become let me get into
written town of direct tightener online
arm hurts neat the neat we think I was
shown tag fear of info with a year clean
off the rocker are liquid which EP
diaper sure